README.md, before:

# r2modman

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/727304496522461185?label=r2modman%20Discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/jE2zWHY)

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ebkr/r2modmanPlus?color=orange&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ebkr/r2modmanPlus)

| [Features](#features) | [What is a mod manager?](#what-is-a-mod-manager) | [Installing](#installing) | [Help](#help) | [Feedback and suggestions](#feedback-and-suggestions) | [Changelog](#changelog) | [Screenshots](#screenshots) |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

## Features
- A clean user interface designed to make modding as simple as possible.
- Safer mod installs allowing you to play the game through Steam normally.
- Mod profiles to switch between different sets of mods quickly and easily.
- Export profiles to easily share both your mods and configs with friends.
- Download and install mods directly from the manager.
- View and update any outdated mods.
- Edit configs directly from the manager.
- Manager auto-updates.
- And more!

## What is a mod manager?
It's quite simple really, a mod manager is an application to make it easier to control which mods you have installed.

You can choose to update, enable/disable or even uninstall mods with a simple click, all whilst keeping it available on another profile.

## Installing

### First time installing
#### Do not install r2modman inside the Risk of Rain 2 folder.
1. Click "Manual Download" on [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/package/ebkr/r2modman/).
2. Inside the downloaded **.zip** file. Run the "r2modman Setup X.X.X.exe" (where X.X.X is the current version).
3. Follow the steps in the installer.

### Updating
r2modman will automatically download any available updates whilst you use it.

If an update has been downloaded, it will be installed once you have closed the application.

## Help
### Manager errors:
1. Check the [wiki](https://github.com/ebkr/r2modmanPlus/wiki).
2. If you can't find the solution, join the [modding discord server]() and ask for help in the **#tech-support** channel.

### Mod errors:
1. Join the [modding discord server]() and ask for help in the **#tech-support** channel.

## Feedback and suggestions
Feedback can help r2modman become the best mod manager for Risk of Rain 2.
It's encouraged to provide as much feedback as you'd like, and fully open to criticism.

Suggestions are welcome and there are already some suggestions that have made it in to the manager!
From small features such as always-expanded cards, all the way to larger features such as code-based profile exports.

The only thing you have to consider when suggesting a feature is the impact it will have on users who don't have a lot of experience with computers.

## Changelog
### 3.0.28
- Bug preventing RainOfStages from being uninstalled has been fixed.
- Skin mods can now be disabled.

### 3.0.27
- "Property join of null" error has now been resolved.
- Prevents mods failing to install dependencies if BepInEx isn't resolved to be installed first.

### 3.0.26
- Fixed error thrown related to libraryfolders.vdf not being parsed.

### 3.0.25
- Installed mod list now has sort filters.
- Thunderstore mod list can be updated via settings. No more having to restart!
- Deprecated mod labels are now shown on the installed tab.
- Configs can be sorted by last updated.
- Exports with disabled mods are now properly disabled on import.
- Other minor bug fixes.

## Screenshots

Installed mod view

![](https://i.imgur.com/XNVQBuQ.png)

Downloadable mods

![](https://i.imgur.com/Do6Awz0.png)

Dark theme

![](https://i.imgur.com/szsyGWB.png)

Config editor

![](https://i.imgur.com/U9av2H7.png)

Profiles

![](https://i.imgur.com/HtWQIWZ.png)

Commit message:

Updated README and versions. Fixed README links.

README.md, after:

# r2modman

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/727304496522461185?label=r2modman%20Discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/jE2zWHY)

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ebkr/r2modmanPlus?color=orange&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ebkr/r2modmanPlus)

| [Features](#features) | [What is a mod manager?](#what-is-a-mod-manager) | [Installing](#installing) | [Help](#help) | [Feedback and suggestions](#feedback-and-suggestions) | [Changelog](#changelog) | [Screenshots](#screenshots) |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

## Features
- A clean user interface designed to make modding as simple as possible.
- Safer mod installs allowing you to play the game through Steam normally.
- Mod profiles to switch between different sets of mods quickly and easily.
- Export profiles to easily share both your mods and configs with friends.
- Download and install mods directly from the manager.
- View and update any outdated mods.
- Edit configs directly from the manager.
- Manager auto-updates.
- And more!

## What is a mod manager?
It's quite simple really, a mod manager is an application to make it easier to control which mods you have installed.

You can choose to update, enable/disable or even uninstall mods with a simple click, all whilst keeping it available on another profile.

## Installing

### First time installing
#### Do not install r2modman inside the Risk of Rain 2 folder.
1. Click "Manual Download" on [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/package/ebkr/r2modman/).
2. Inside the downloaded **.zip** file. Run the "r2modman Setup X.X.X.exe" (where X.X.X is the current version).
3. Follow the steps in the installer.

### Updating
r2modman will automatically download any available updates whilst you use it.

If an update has been downloaded, it will be installed once you have closed the application.

## Help
### Manager errors:
1. Check the [wiki](https://github.com/ebkr/r2modmanPlus/wiki).
2. If you can't find the solution, join the [modding discord server](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) and ask for help in the **#tech-support** channel.

### Mod errors:
1. Join the [modding discord server](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) and ask for help in the **#tech-support** channel.

## Feedback and suggestions
Feedback can help r2modman become the best mod manager for Risk of Rain 2.
It's encouraged to provide as much feedback as you'd like, and fully open to criticism.

Suggestions are welcome and there are already some suggestions that have made it in to the manager!
From small features such as always-expanded cards, all the way to larger features such as code-based profile exports.

The only thing you have to consider when suggesting a feature is the impact it will have on users who don't have a lot of experience with computers.

## Changelog
### 3.0.29
- Update all option in settings.
- Improved dark theme.
- RainOfStagesShared now installs correctly.
- Refresh mod list setting now works as expected.
- Config editor tooltips no longer produce extra lines.
- Added the ability to change the data folder location.
- Modpack helper to retrieve dependency strings.

### 3.0.28
- Bug preventing RainOfStages from being uninstalled has been fixed.
- Skin mods can now be disabled.

### 3.0.27
- "Property join of null" error has now been resolved.
- Prevents mods failing to install dependencies if BepInEx isn't resolved to be installed first.

## Screenshots

Installed mod view

![](https://i.imgur.com/XNVQBuQ.png)

Downloadable mods

![](https://i.imgur.com/Do6Awz0.png)

Dark theme

![](https://i.imgur.com/szsyGWB.png)

Config editor

![](https://i.imgur.com/U9av2H7.png)

Profiles

![](https://i.imgur.com/HtWQIWZ.png)
